README.md, before:

# CroniclePlugins

Plugins I have created to use with Cronicle (https://github.com/jhuckaby/Cronicle)

Create a new plugin in Cronicle and upload each script to the Cronicle server. You can make the scripts directly executable by using `chmod +x plugin.py` and then just specify the path to the file for the plugin to execute.

Read more about how I am using these plugins here: https://techministry.blog/2020/07/16/automating-production-equipment-using-a-chromebox-and-a-scheduling-server/

## ajakipro.py

Allows control of an AJA Ki Pro unit.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `transport`: Menu: Items `record`, `stop`, `play`
- `clipname`: TextField: Name of the clip. All clips will automatically be appended with the date in yyyymmdd format followed by an 8-character uuid to ensure a unique filename

## ajakipro_mediastate.py

Allows control of an AJA Ki Pro unit's media state to put it in Record-Play or Data-LAN state depending on your needs.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `state`: Menu: Items `record`, `data`

## ajakipro_checkavailablespace.py

Checks the available space on the AJA Ki Pro. If the percentage is less than the desired percentage free, the job will fail and pass a message in the `chain_data` to be used in the next job (if configured).
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `percentage`: Text Field: Threshold percentage. If the available space on the drive is less than this number, the job will fail.

## ajakipro_checktransportstate.py

Checks the transport state on the AJA Ki Pro. If it does not match the desired transport state, the job will fail and pass a message in the `chain_data` to be used in the next job (if configured).
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `transport_state`: Menu: Items `Playing Reverse`, `Reverse 2X`, `Forward 2X`, `Forward 4X`, `Forward 8X`, `Forward 16X`, `Stop`, `Paused`, `Recording`, `Idle`

## christie_lamphours.py

Checks the lamp hours of the Christie projector. If the lamp hours are past the threshold, the job will fail and pass a message in the `chain_data` to be used in the next job.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the Projector
- `name`: Text Field: Friendly name of the Projector used in the error message
- `threshold`: Text Field: Threshold number of hours. If the lamp hours are greater than this, the job will fail.

## christie_power.py

Allows you to send on/off commands to Christie projectors.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the Projector
- `port`: Text Field: Port to establish connection with. Default is 3002
- `command`: Text Field: Command to send to projector (on/off). Job will fail if invalid command is passed

## companion.py

Allows buttons in Bitfocus Companion to be pressed remotely.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device running Bitfocus Companion
- `port`: Text Field: TCP listening port in Companion (default of 51234)
- `page`: Text Field: Page that the button is on that you want to execute
- `button`: Text Field: Button number on that page that you want to execute

## cueserver.py

Allows you to execute CueScripts on an Interactive Technologies CueServer.

Requires the following parameters:
- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the CueServer
- `cuescript`: Text Field: CueScript to execute (will be URL encoded)

## generic_tcp.py

Allows you to send generic TCP strings to the specified IP/port.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device
- `port`: Text Field: TCP listening port
- `message`: Text Field: Message string you want to send. Automatically sends `\n` at the end.

## jtech-matrix.py

Allows you to control routings on a JTech Digital HDMI Matrix.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device
- `output`: Text Field: Output Number; also accepts `All` to assign the Input to all Outputs
- `input`: Text Field: Input Number

## kxwell.py

Allows you to control a KXWell PTZ head and recall presets.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device
- `preset`: Text Field: Preset to recall.
  Uses port 5000.

## midi_note.py

Allows you to send MIDI notes via [midi-relay](http://github.com/josephdadams/midi-relay/) to the specified IP/port.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device running `midi-relay`
- `port`: Text Field: TCP listening port for `midi-relay` (default of 4000)
- `midiport`: Text Field: MIDI port to send messages to
- `midicommand`: Menu: Items: `noteon`, `noteoff`
- `channel`: Text Field: Channel Number (0-15)
- `note`: Text Field: Note Number (0-127)
- `velocity`: Text Field: Velocity Number (0-127)

## panasonic_ptz.py

Allows you to control presets of your Panasonic PTZ.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the camera
- `preset`: Text Field: Preset Number

## pco_live_vicreo.py

Allows you to use Cronicle to load the PCO LIVE page for your next plan in a service type automatically in Safari on the computer running VICREO Listener.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `appid`: Hidden: AppID you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `secret`: Hidden: Secret Key you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `servicetype`: Text Field: PCO Service Type Id for plan you want to load the LIVE page for

## pco_print.py

Allows you to generate the PDF path needed to print Planning Center Services custom reports on a schedule. More information here: https://techministry.blog/2020/09/16/using-cronicle-the-planning-center-online-api-and-automator-on-a-mac-to-automate-printing-weekly-paperwork/
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `appid`: Hidden: AppID you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `secret`: Hidden: Secret Key you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `servicetypes`: Text Field: semicolon `;` delimited list of PCO Service Type Ids for plans you want to include in the report
- `reportid`: Text Field: Custom Report Id of the report you want to use
- `pagesize`: Menu: Items `A4`, `US-Letter`, `US-Legal`, `US-Tabloid`
- `printorientation`: Menu: Items `Portrait`, `Landscape`
- `printmargin`: Menu: Items `0.0in`, `0.25in`, `0.5in`, `0.75in`, `1.0in`

## rock_workflow.py

Allows you to send data to a Rock RMS workflow via webhook. Specifically designed to use a workflow that sends texts/emails to a Rock Group in the event that a Cronicle job fails, or to simply send a notfication at a certain time.
Requires the following parameters:

- `workflowid`: Hidden: The ID of the workflow to run
- `groupid`: Text Field: The Group ID to send the notification to
- `type`: Menu: Items `SMS`, `Email`
- `subject`: Text Field
- `body`: Text Field
- `token`: Hidden: Auth token to authenticate the webhook request
- `workflowurl` Hidden: Complete URL to Rock server and workflow entry API (`/api/Workflows/WorkflowEntry/`)

## rosstalk.py

Allows commands to be sent to any device that accepts RossTalk commands.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the Ross switcher
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the switcher (default of 7788)
- `command`: RossTalk command to send (send multiple commands in the same string by separating them with semicolons `;`) For a list of RossTalk commands: http://help.rossvideo.com/carbonite-device/Topics/Protocol/RossTalk/CNT/RT-CNT-Comm.html

## spotify-controller.py

Allows you to send commands via the REST API to [spotify-controller](http://github.com/josephdadams/spotify-controller).
Requires the following paramers:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running spotify-controller
- `command`: Menu: Items: (`Play`, `Play Track`, `Play Track In Context`, `Pause`, `Play Toggle`, `Next`, `Previous`, `Volume Up`, `Volume Down`, `Set Volume`, `Mute`, `Unmute`, `Repeat On`, `Repeat Off`, `Repeat Toggle`, `Shuffle On`, `Shuffle Off`, `Shuffle Toggle`
- `trackid`: Text Field: Track ID to play
- `contextid`: Text Field: Context of Track ID
-  `volume`: Text Field: Volume Level (0-100)

## symetrix_dsp.py

Allows you to update dB values for controller inputs on your Symetrix DSP over TCP.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device running Bitfocus Companion
- `port`: Hidden Field: TCP port (default should be "48631")
- `controller`: Text Field: Controller Number / Input to adjust. Might need to be 0-based depending on your configuration.
- `db`: Text Field: dB value to adjust to. The plugin uses this formula to calculate the Controller Position: Volume dB = -72 + 84\*(CONTROLLER POSITION/65535)

## timekeeper.py

Allows commands to be sent to a [TimeKeeper](http://github.com/josephdadams/timekeeper) server to set up timers automatically.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the TimeKeeper server
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the server (usually 4000)
- `date`: Text Field: Date you want to use for the timer. Must be M/D/YY. Keep blank and it will use "today's date" (based on the server)
- `time`: Text Field: Time you want to use for the timer. Must be H:M:S. Keep blank and it will use 6AM.
- `label`: Text Field: The label for the timer.
- `roomid`: Text Field: The room ID to target. You can use `room-0` to target all rooms.
- `timerid`: Text Field: The Timer ID, if you want to choose it explicitly rather than having it auto generated.
- `triggers`: Text Box: JSON Object Array for triggers. See [TimeKeeper documentation](http://github.com/josephdadams/timekeeper) for more information.

## tplink-hs100.py

Allows you to turn on/off TP-Link HS100 Wifi Outlets.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the HS100 outlet. Recommend you set a DHCP reservation for the outlet if you do not want this to change.
- `command`: Menu: Command to send. Items: `on`, `off`

## tplink-kasa-offon.py

Turns a TP Link Kasa Plug Off, waits the specified delay time in seconds, and then turns the plug back on. Helpful to avoid multiple events just to turn on a device that might need to be turned off before it will boot up on power.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the HS100 outlet. Recommend you set a DHCP reservation for the outlet if you do not want this to change.
- `delay`: Text Field: Delay time in seconds to wait between turning the plug off and then back on. Default of 5 seconds.

## vicreo_applescript.py

Allows AppleScripts to be executed on the remote computer running the free [VICREO Listener](https://jeffreydavidsz.github.io/VICREO-Listener/) software, provided that the remote computer is MacOS.

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `applescript`: Text Box: The AppleScript to execute. Recommend you test it locally on the remote computer first to ensure proper syntax of the AppleScript. Any necessary `'` or `"` marks must be escaped (i.e. `\'` or `\"`).
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## vicreo_file.py

Allows files and programs to be opened on remote computers running the free [VICREO Listener](https://jeffreydavidsz.github.io/VICREO-Listener/) software.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `path`: Text Field: File to open or Program to execute on the remote computer
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## vicreo_key.py

Allows hotkeys to be sent to a remote computer running VICREO Listener.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `key`: Menu: Remote key to press
  - Items: backspace, delete, enter, tab, escape, up, down, right, left, home, end, pageup, pagedown, f1, f2, f3, f4, f5, f6, f7, f8, f9, f10, f11, f12, command, alt, control, shift, right_shift, space, audio_mute, audio_vol_down, audio_vol_up, audio_play, audio_stop, audio_pause, audio_prev, audio_next, numpad_0, numpad_1, numpad_2, numpad_3, numpad_4, numpad_5, numpad_6, numpad_7, numpad_8, numpad_9, lights_mon_up, lights_mon_down, lights_kbd_toggle, lights_kbd_up, lights_kbd_down
- `modifiers_shift`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_fn`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_ctrl`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_command`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_alt`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_rightshift`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_rightalt`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_rightctrl`: Checkbox
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## vicreo_shell.py

Allows shell scripts to be executed on remote computers running the free [VICREO Listener](https://jeffreydavidsz.github.io/VICREO-Listener/) software.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `shell`: Text Field: Shell script/command execute on the remote computer
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## videohub.py

Allows destinations routes to be changed on Blackmagic VideoHub devices.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the VideoHub
- `destination`: Destination to change (not zero-based, use the actual number)
- `source`: Source to use (not zero-based)

## vista.py

Allows cues to be triggered on Chroma-Q/Jands Vista consoles, provided they are configured to respond to midi messages via [midi-relay](http;//github.com/josephdadams/midi-relay)
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of Vista computer/console
- `midiport`: Text Field: MIDI port to send messages to
- `cuelist`: Text Field: Cue List that contains Cue to trigger
- `cue`: Text Field: Cue to trigger

## wakeonlan.py

Allows magic packets to be sent to the specified MAC address. Requires the `wakeonlan` command line function. You can install this on Ubuntu with `sudo apt-get install wakeonlan`
Requires the following parameters:

- `mac`: Text Field: MAC Address of the device you want to send the magic packet to.

Commit message:

add lyntec rpc zone controller

README.md, after:

# CroniclePlugins

Plugins I have created to use with Cronicle (https://github.com/jhuckaby/Cronicle)

Create a new plugin in Cronicle and upload each script to the Cronicle server. You can make the scripts directly executable by using `chmod +x plugin.py` and then just specify the path to the file for the plugin to execute.

Read more about how I am using these plugins here: https://techministry.blog/2020/07/16/automating-production-equipment-using-a-chromebox-and-a-scheduling-server/

## ajakipro.py

Allows control of an AJA Ki Pro unit.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `transport`: Menu: Items `record`, `stop`, `play`
- `clipname`: TextField: Name of the clip. All clips will automatically be appended with the date in yyyymmdd format followed by an 8-character uuid to ensure a unique filename

## ajakipro_mediastate.py

Allows control of an AJA Ki Pro unit's media state to put it in Record-Play or Data-LAN state depending on your needs.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `state`: Menu: Items `record`, `data`

## ajakipro_checkavailablespace.py

Checks the available space on the AJA Ki Pro. If the percentage is less than the desired percentage free, the job will fail and pass a message in the `chain_data` to be used in the next job (if configured).
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `percentage`: Text Field: Threshold percentage. If the available space on the drive is less than this number, the job will fail.

## ajakipro_checktransportstate.py

Checks the transport state on the AJA Ki Pro. If it does not match the desired transport state, the job will fail and pass a message in the `chain_data` to be used in the next job (if configured).
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the AJA Ki Pro
- `transport_state`: Menu: Items `Playing Reverse`, `Reverse 2X`, `Forward 2X`, `Forward 4X`, `Forward 8X`, `Forward 16X`, `Stop`, `Paused`, `Recording`, `Idle`

## christie_lamphours.py

Checks the lamp hours of the Christie projector. If the lamp hours are past the threshold, the job will fail and pass a message in the `chain_data` to be used in the next job.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the Projector
- `name`: Text Field: Friendly name of the Projector used in the error message
- `threshold`: Text Field: Threshold number of hours. If the lamp hours are greater than this, the job will fail.

## christie_power.py

Allows you to send on/off commands to Christie projectors.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the Projector
- `port`: Text Field: Port to establish connection with. Default is 3002
- `command`: Text Field: Command to send to projector (on/off). Job will fail if invalid command is passed

## companion.py

Allows buttons in Bitfocus Companion to be pressed remotely.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device running Bitfocus Companion
- `port`: Text Field: TCP listening port in Companion (default of 51234)
- `page`: Text Field: Page that the button is on that you want to execute
- `button`: Text Field: Button number on that page that you want to execute

## cueserver.py

Allows you to execute CueScripts on an Interactive Technologies CueServer.

Requires the following parameters:
- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the CueServer
- `cuescript`: Text Field: CueScript to execute (will be URL encoded)

## generic_tcp.py

Allows you to send generic TCP strings to the specified IP/port.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device
- `port`: Text Field: TCP listening port
- `message`: Text Field: Message string you want to send. Automatically sends `\n` at the end.

## jtech-matrix.py

Allows you to control routings on a JTech Digital HDMI Matrix.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device
- `output`: Text Field: Output Number; also accepts `All` to assign the Input to all Outputs
- `input`: Text Field: Input Number

## kxwell.py

Allows you to control a KXWell PTZ head and recall presets.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device
- `preset`: Text Field: Preset to recall.
  Uses port 5000.

# lyntec_zone.py

Allow you to turn a Lyntec RPC breaker zone on/off.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device
- `zone`: Text Field: Zone number to control. e.g. `001`
- `power`: Menu: Items `on`, `off`

## midi_note.py

Allows you to send MIDI notes via [midi-relay](http://github.com/josephdadams/midi-relay/) to the specified IP/port.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device running `midi-relay`
- `port`: Text Field: TCP listening port for `midi-relay` (default of 4000)
- `midiport`: Text Field: MIDI port to send messages to
- `midicommand`: Menu: Items: `noteon`, `noteoff`
- `channel`: Text Field: Channel Number (0-15)
- `note`: Text Field: Note Number (0-127)
- `velocity`: Text Field: Velocity Number (0-127)

## panasonic_ptz.py

Allows you to control presets of your Panasonic PTZ.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the camera
- `preset`: Text Field: Preset Number

## pco_live_vicreo.py

Allows you to use Cronicle to load the PCO LIVE page for your next plan in a service type automatically in Safari on the computer running VICREO Listener.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `appid`: Hidden: AppID you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `secret`: Hidden: Secret Key you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `servicetype`: Text Field: PCO Service Type Id for plan you want to load the LIVE page for

## pco_print.py

Allows you to generate the PDF path needed to print Planning Center Services custom reports on a schedule. More information here: https://techministry.blog/2020/09/16/using-cronicle-the-planning-center-online-api-and-automator-on-a-mac-to-automate-printing-weekly-paperwork/
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `appid`: Hidden: AppID you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `secret`: Hidden: Secret Key you set up in your PCO Developer Account for this application.
- `servicetypes`: Text Field: semicolon `;` delimited list of PCO Service Type Ids for plans you want to include in the report
- `reportid`: Text Field: Custom Report Id of the report you want to use
- `pagesize`: Menu: Items `A4`, `US-Letter`, `US-Legal`, `US-Tabloid`
- `printorientation`: Menu: Items `Portrait`, `Landscape`
- `printmargin`: Menu: Items `0.0in`, `0.25in`, `0.5in`, `0.75in`, `1.0in`

## rock_workflow.py

Allows you to send data to a Rock RMS workflow via webhook. Specifically designed to use a workflow that sends texts/emails to a Rock Group in the event that a Cronicle job fails, or to simply send a notfication at a certain time.
Requires the following parameters:

- `workflowid`: Hidden: The ID of the workflow to run
- `groupid`: Text Field: The Group ID to send the notification to
- `type`: Menu: Items `SMS`, `Email`
- `subject`: Text Field
- `body`: Text Field
- `token`: Hidden: Auth token to authenticate the webhook request
- `workflowurl` Hidden: Complete URL to Rock server and workflow entry API (`/api/Workflows/WorkflowEntry/`)

## rosstalk.py

Allows commands to be sent to any device that accepts RossTalk commands.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the Ross switcher
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the switcher (default of 7788)
- `command`: RossTalk command to send (send multiple commands in the same string by separating them with semicolons `;`) For a list of RossTalk commands: http://help.rossvideo.com/carbonite-device/Topics/Protocol/RossTalk/CNT/RT-CNT-Comm.html

## spotify-controller.py

Allows you to send commands via the REST API to [spotify-controller](http://github.com/josephdadams/spotify-controller).
Requires the following paramers:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running spotify-controller
- `command`: Menu: Items: (`Play`, `Play Track`, `Play Track In Context`, `Pause`, `Play Toggle`, `Next`, `Previous`, `Volume Up`, `Volume Down`, `Set Volume`, `Mute`, `Unmute`, `Repeat On`, `Repeat Off`, `Repeat Toggle`, `Shuffle On`, `Shuffle Off`, `Shuffle Toggle`
- `trackid`: Text Field: Track ID to play
- `contextid`: Text Field: Context of Track ID
-  `volume`: Text Field: Volume Level (0-100)

## symetrix_dsp.py

Allows you to update dB values for controller inputs on your Symetrix DSP over TCP.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the device running Bitfocus Companion
- `port`: Hidden Field: TCP port (default should be "48631")
- `controller`: Text Field: Controller Number / Input to adjust. Might need to be 0-based depending on your configuration.
- `db`: Text Field: dB value to adjust to. The plugin uses this formula to calculate the Controller Position: Volume dB = -72 + 84\*(CONTROLLER POSITION/65535)

## timekeeper.py

Allows commands to be sent to a [TimeKeeper](http://github.com/josephdadams/timekeeper) server to set up timers automatically.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the TimeKeeper server
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the server (usually 4000)
- `date`: Text Field: Date you want to use for the timer. Must be M/D/YY. Keep blank and it will use "today's date" (based on the server)
- `time`: Text Field: Time you want to use for the timer. Must be H:M:S. Keep blank and it will use 6AM.
- `label`: Text Field: The label for the timer.
- `roomid`: Text Field: The room ID to target. You can use `room-0` to target all rooms.
- `timerid`: Text Field: The Timer ID, if you want to choose it explicitly rather than having it auto generated.
- `triggers`: Text Box: JSON Object Array for triggers. See [TimeKeeper documentation](http://github.com/josephdadams/timekeeper) for more information.

## tplink-hs100.py

Allows you to turn on/off TP-Link HS100 Wifi Outlets.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the HS100 outlet. Recommend you set a DHCP reservation for the outlet if you do not want this to change.
- `command`: Menu: Command to send. Items: `on`, `off`

## tplink-kasa-offon.py

Turns a TP Link Kasa Plug Off, waits the specified delay time in seconds, and then turns the plug back on. Helpful to avoid multiple events just to turn on a device that might need to be turned off before it will boot up on power.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP address of the HS100 outlet. Recommend you set a DHCP reservation for the outlet if you do not want this to change.
- `delay`: Text Field: Delay time in seconds to wait between turning the plug off and then back on. Default of 5 seconds.

## vicreo_applescript.py

Allows AppleScripts to be executed on the remote computer running the free [VICREO Listener](https://jeffreydavidsz.github.io/VICREO-Listener/) software, provided that the remote computer is MacOS.

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `applescript`: Text Box: The AppleScript to execute. Recommend you test it locally on the remote computer first to ensure proper syntax of the AppleScript. Any necessary `'` or `"` marks must be escaped (i.e. `\'` or `\"`).
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## vicreo_file.py

Allows files and programs to be opened on remote computers running the free [VICREO Listener](https://jeffreydavidsz.github.io/VICREO-Listener/) software.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `path`: Text Field: File to open or Program to execute on the remote computer
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## vicreo_key.py

Allows hotkeys to be sent to a remote computer running VICREO Listener.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `key`: Menu: Remote key to press
  - Items: backspace, delete, enter, tab, escape, up, down, right, left, home, end, pageup, pagedown, f1, f2, f3, f4, f5, f6, f7, f8, f9, f10, f11, f12, command, alt, control, shift, right_shift, space, audio_mute, audio_vol_down, audio_vol_up, audio_play, audio_stop, audio_pause, audio_prev, audio_next, numpad_0, numpad_1, numpad_2, numpad_3, numpad_4, numpad_5, numpad_6, numpad_7, numpad_8, numpad_9, lights_mon_up, lights_mon_down, lights_kbd_toggle, lights_kbd_up, lights_kbd_down
- `modifiers_shift`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_fn`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_ctrl`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_command`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_alt`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_rightshift`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_rightalt`: Checkbox
- `modifiers_rightctrl`: Checkbox
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## vicreo_shell.py

Allows shell scripts to be executed on remote computers running the free [VICREO Listener](https://jeffreydavidsz.github.io/VICREO-Listener/) software.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the computer running VICREO Listener
- `port`: Text Field: Port of the VICREO program (default of 10001)
- `shell`: Text Field: Shell script/command execute on the remote computer
- `password`: Text Box: _optional_ If your instance of VICREO Listener has a password set, then include this.

## videohub.py

Allows destinations routes to be changed on Blackmagic VideoHub devices.
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of the VideoHub
- `destination`: Destination to change (not zero-based, use the actual number)
- `source`: Source to use (not zero-based)

## vista.py

Allows cues to be triggered on Chroma-Q/Jands Vista consoles, provided they are configured to respond to midi messages via [midi-relay](http;//github.com/josephdadams/midi-relay)
Requires the following parameters:

- `ip`: Text Field: IP Address of Vista computer/console
- `midiport`: Text Field: MIDI port to send messages to
- `cuelist`: Text Field: Cue List that contains Cue to trigger
- `cue`: Text Field: Cue to trigger

## wakeonlan.py

Allows magic packets to be sent to the specified MAC address. Requires the `wakeonlan` command line function. You can install this on Ubuntu with `sudo apt-get install wakeonlan`
Requires the following parameters:

- `mac`: Text Field: MAC Address of the device you want to send the magic packet to.
